So now we're going to talk about what happens after you
deploy your application to the cloud.
And to do that, we're going to take a look at Josh, and let's see where he's at.
As of right now, he has deployed his first CDK application.
But just like ours, there's really not much in it.
He simply wanted to test out the deployment process.
So now he's going to begin building out key components
that he's going to use with the CDK.
And with this, he's going to need to be able to do a few things.
First of all,
he'll obviously need to be able to deploy updates to his app because all he
has right now is an S3 bucket and a CloudFormation output.
He also is going to need to manage environments for cost reporting.
So the organization wants to know how much we're spending
on the development environment versus the staging
environment for this proof of concept.
And once he's done with an environment,
he'll also need to know how to delete an app environment when this is completed.
Now,
an important note here. We're really not going to dive fully
into a multi‑environment CDK application. That will be coming
within the next course in this path.
But I'll be walking through how we categorize an
application for a specific environment.
Now, if you remember, we talked through the CDK deployment workflow,
and we walked through the process of doing a net bootstrap,
which, again, only needs to be done once per environment,
synth, and deploy.
But now there's another part of this process,
and that is we need to update our project with the new infrastructure,
and then it's going to go through a process of creating a diff,
so the difference between the cloud‑based infrastructure that
we've deployed and what we have locally within our application.
So to make this workflow work,
here's what we're going to be doing within this module.
So first, we're going to be updating our existing CDK app with
additional resources. We're going to be adding a VPC into the
resources that we currently have.
We're also going to be adding tags to a CDK app programmatically.
We'll be creating our first custom CDK construct,
and once we're done,
we'll be deleting our deployed CDK application. And then
later, within later modules, we'll be redeploying it with a lot of additional resources.